i want to create an real time inventory website. i will be providing inputs in bits and parts(for each step and creation of a page). so i want you to be flexible, highly accurate with the results for my quires. i want you to be unique, different, highly elegant and simple designing the website(do not make it fancy and colourful).
i want the entire website to be standard white colors and any associated colors for the tabs or icons which will not look fancy.(strictly avoid dark mode)
now i will provide a brief note on the workflow of the entire inventory:
the first phase is PLANNING where the user would receive a drawing from the customer and will assign a job number for that particular project. that job no for the project will be kept as it is till the end of DISPATCH_BILLING. now based on the drawing a rough estimated PO-quantity is entered by the user and is sent to the customer. then the negotiation for final price is discussed by the OWNER/MANAGER. finally after negotiation the PO is sent back to the user. when the project is confirmed the ACCOUNTS people will enter the Billing quantity and the Insulation quantity. 
next comes the PURCHASE department where they will send a PO to the supplier regarding all the required raw materials and low stock raw materials. the invoice will be sent to the purchase user by the supplier. the purchase user will also look after the attendance department too. a work order is also generated by the ACCOUNTS people. 
next comes the consumption department where they will enter all the consumed raw materials that has been used. he will also be looking into the tools and daily utensils that are being used in the process of creating the product.
once the final product is completed they are dispatched to the customers in batches. this is maintained by the DISPATCH department. now the ACCOUNT department will bill everything that is took placed during the project(from PLANNING to DISPATCH). this billing entered in the tally and final report is generated for that particular project. 
now i will provide you the details on what parts of the inventory we will build. we will build this entire system step by step, so be accurate and execute only those parts accordingly.
see the hierarchy of the entire project is as follow:
there is an admin/owner who has the power to do anything in this system(i will mention the role for him later stages.) below his there are two manager who belong to: Maalur and Haryana. below each manager there are PLANNING DEPARTMENT, PURCHASE DEPARTMENT, CONSUMPTION DEPARTMENT, DISPATCH DEPARTMENT, ACCOUNT DEPARTMENT, SECURITY DEPARTMENT.
there are two branches(Maalur and Haryana) i want you to implement the same set of rules and format to both the branches.
i want the below pages to be created with high accuracy:
PLANNING DEPARTMENT: i should be able to upload the drawing(in any format), when i upload the drawing it will ask me to assign the Job no. and the PO quantity. this entire data will be sent to the OWNER and MANAGER. where only owner has the authority to Approve, Reject and revise the project. if the project is approved by the owner then in the planning department interface it will show accepted. if accepted, beside the accepted icon i want two icon buttons namely: Billing quantity and Insulation quantity. where the user will enter the details and save. this entire data of the project will be stored accordingly. after saving the project i should be able to view the entire details of the project and an download button. below these projects again the upload icon should be and the same format should continue.
look into the Planning folder to get idea of the files that are going to be uploaded. leave otf excel(do not consider it)
ADMIN/OWNER: he should be able to see all the activities going on in each department and will accept/reject/revise document that are sent to him by each department. when he clicks on the planning department he will see document that need approvals/rejection/revise. see for the owner i need download option for each project and an overall download option where it based on the calendar(he will choose from this date of a month to other) he should be able to download an summarized file of everything that's done in that particular time in excel format. provide option for downloads(pdf and excel)- where and all the downloads are present. 
MANAGER: when he view the Planning department he would be able to see all the work that are done same as the owner but he would not be given the power to perform any task(such as approve/reject/revise). he also has the same download rules as the owner.
now i will say how the dashboard should look :
see i want an login portal where all of them will have the same username and login for all(owner, manager, all departments). after this login i want a page with heading "ADMIN, MANAGER, DEPARTMENT ENTRY PORTAL." where the different authorised user will use their own login credentials to login with username and password.
when the admin logs in first he would see maalur and Haryana branch. after selecting any one branch he would be able to see:
i have provide an AM.jpeg file under dashboard_design folder where you will find the format on how the page will look after the owner and manager login.(be flexible to add icons in the same format in the future if required).
now in this there is an icon tab as USERS. when the admin click he will be able to see the users that are present in the system which are bifurcated into two based on branch.  
the manager of that particular branch would login and see only his branch details in the same format provided.
now the page for PLANNING,PURCHASE,CONSUMPTION,DISPATCH,ACCOUNTS,SECURITY departments, when they login with their credentials they will see page with the format as PPCADO.jpeg under dashboard_design. see each department will only be able to access there department only. when they move there curser to other department it will show locked symbol on that department.
now i want you to implement on of the most key feature for the owner. see when he clicks any department. i need on option for him called Power. where i need an drop down where he can choose other departments and give power to that particular department(ex: owner would provide power for the planning department to have access to the purchase department. so when the planning department logs in he will be able to open the planning as well as the purchase department.). now the owner should have flexibility to choose as many department as possible. 
 below the alert and notification i want an option called send notification. when clicked on it. an pop up should open where the user can select the other user to whom he wants to send the notification and to all option as well along with the validity(1day,3day,5day,1 week, 1month, 1 year).